HP-1361 Feat/keycloak external OIDC (#77)
uc-cdis/workspace-token-service: README.md

                ...
            }
        },
        {
            "base_url": "https://non-fence-data.org/",
            "oidc_client_id": "xxx",
            "oidc_client_secret": "xxx",
            "login_options": {
                "externaldata-keycloak": {
                    "name": "keycloak Login",
                    "params": {
                        "idp": "keycloak",

>                         "auth_url": "auth/realms/xyz/protocol/openid-connect/auth",

Author: Yep, forgot that added

>                         "auth_url": "auth/realms/xyz/protocol/openid-connect/auth",

Reviewer: can you add explanations to the docs, nested username fields are supported using "."

>                         "auth_url": "auth/realms/xyz/protocol/openid-connect/auth",

Author: done

Also note that the OIDC clients you create must be granted `read-storage` access to all the data in the external
Data Commons via the data-commons' `user.yaml`.

The `id_token_username` property for OIDC clients can be configured with `.` in between strings for a nested username inside a token.
For example if the token jwt has username encoded in the json as `token["context"]["user"]["name"]`.
We can write this in the paramaters as `"id_token_username": "context.user.name"`

> The default if nothing is specified for a fence client it defaults to `"context.user.name"` for a non-fence client the default is `"email"`

Reviewer: it displays as a single paragraph, we need to either add newlines to display multiple paragraphs or add periods to separate the sentences:

![Screenshot 2024-05-09 at 10 07 56 AM](https://github.com/uc-cdis/workspace-token-service/assets/4224001/e8edd6c3-f700-42af-9ef2-2b23671304c8)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `id_token_username` property for OIDC clients can be configured with `.` in between strings for a nested username inside a token.
For example if the token jwt has username encoded in the json as `token["context"]["user"]["name"]`:
We can write this in the parameters as `"id_token_username": "context.user.name"`.
If nothing is specified, for a fence client the default is `"context.user.name"`, for a non-fence client the default is `"email"`.
```
